Update documentation for 2.2.0 (#42)
logdna/logdna-agent-v2: docs/README.md

[Rustc Version 1.42+]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.42+-lightgray.svg
[rustc]: https://blog.rust-lang.org/2020/03/12/Rust-1.42.html
[Join us on LogDNA's Public Slack]: http://chat.logdna.com/
[LogDNA]: https://logdna.com
[Rust]: https://www.rust-lang.org/
[Kubernetes]: https://kubernetes.io/

## Table of Contents

* [Managing Deployments](#managing-deployments)
  * [Installing](#installing)
  * [Upgrading](#upgrading)
  * [Uninstalling](#uninstalling)
  * [Run as Non-Root](#run-as-non-root)
  * [Additional Installation Options](#additional-installation-options)
* [Building](#building)
  * [Building on Linux](#building-on-linux)
  * [Building on Docker](#building-on-docker)
* [Configuration](#configuration)
  * [Options](#options)
  * [Configuring the Environment](#configuring-the-environment)
  * [Configuring Lookback](#configuring-lookback)

## Managing Deployments

The agent is supported for Kubernetes 1.9+ and OpenShift 4.6+ environments. 

### Installing

Environment specifc instructions regarding installing and deploying the agent to your cluster.

> * [Installing Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#installing)

Author: Fixed the lists to include "on". Also removed the sentences. Less is more, right?

* [Installing OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#installing)

### Upgrading

Environment specific instructions for upgrading from old versions of the agent.

* [Upgrading Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#upgrading)
* [Upgrading OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#upgrading)

### Uninstalling

Environment specific instructions for removing the agent entirely.

* [Uninstalling Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#uninstalling)
* [Uninstalling OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#uninstalling)

### Run as Non-Root

> By default the agent is ran as root. Below are environment specific instructions for running the agent as a non-root user.

Author: Using "run" still feels awkard. Changed it to `will run as root`. Fixed the second issue.

> 

Author: Removed!

> 

Author: Fixed the first one, left the second one alone. The version statement isn't true with the Linux Agent 2.1 so I've made it not refer to version at all and instead refer to just "This version of the agent".

## Table of Contents

* [Deploying](#deploying)

> * [Building](#building)

Author: There's no two separate steps for deploying and installing in our documentation - they're one and the same. Deploying is a better term for it but we've been going with installing for a while.

I added some text in the install step to reference both installing and deploying.

> * [Building](#building)

Author: Fixed the parallel issue. Leaving the `Installing` for now to see what @tanberry has to say

    * [Building on Linux](#building-on-linux)
    * [Building on Docker](#building-on-docker)
* [Configuration](#configuration)

>     * [Options](#options)

Author: done

## Table of Contents

* [Managing Deployments](#managing-deployments)
  * [Installing](#installing)
  * [Upgrading](#upgrading)
  * [Uninstalling](#uninstalling)
  * [More Information](#more-information)
* [Building](#building)
  * [Building on Linux](#building-on-linux)
  * [Building on Docker](#building-on-docker)
* [Configuration](#configuration)
  * [Options](#options)
  * [Configuring the Environment](#configuring-the-environment)
  * [Configuring Lookback](#configuring-lookback)

## Managing Deployments

> The agent has been tested for deployment to Kubernetes 1.9+ and OpenShift 4.6+ environments. 

Reviewer: let's say something along the lines of "this agent supports X version"

Author: fixed

### Installing

* [Installing Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#installing)
* [Installing OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#installing)

### Upgrading

* [Upgrading Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#upgrading)
* [Upgrading OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#upgrading)

### Uninstalling

* [Uninstalling Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#uninstalling)
* [Uninstalling OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#uninstalling)

> ### More Information

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding in mention of "non-root" here. 

For the title, maybe "Additional Installation Options"? 

Tho... journald... is that really an install option or a configuration option? I'm not sure why journald gets listed here but not Lookback, for example?

Author: I went with your first suggestion of raising the non-root section directly. It does seem like an important feature for cluster maintainers so I do see the case for raising it directly in the landing page documentation.

The configuration section of the Journald feature is environment agnostic and only talks about the feature as it pertains to the agent. If you understand how journald works, you can use that information to do whatever they want with the feature.

The environment specific journald setup instructions talk about how to actually enable journald in their perspective environments. They're actual instructions.

```console
foo@bar:~$ docker images
REPOSITORY          TAG                 IMAGE ID            CREATED             SIZE
logdna-agent-v2     dcd54a0             e471b3d8a409        22 seconds ago      135MB
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: can you add a third column title? also the spacing can be changed so that the second column has more width

Author: Added more width, but didn't understand what you meant with the first ask

Check out [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) for more information about injecting environment variables into applications!

> ### Run as Non-Root

Reviewer 2: maybe add this "Run as non-root user" back in?

Author: Added it back in at the top of the page

* `start` - Always start at the beginning of the files.
* `smallfiles` - If the file is less than 8KiB, start at the beginning. Otherwise, start at the end.
* `none` - Always start at the end of the files.
* __Note:__ The default option is `smallfiles`

### Configuring Journald

If the agent pods have access to journald log files or directories, monitoring can be enabled on them with the `LOGDNA_JOURNALD_PATHS`. Common values include `/var/log/journald` and `/run/systemd/journal`. To specify both, use a comma separated list: `/var/log/journald,/run/systemd/journal`.

Take a look at enabling journald monitoring for [Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#collecting-node-journald-logs) or [OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#collecting-node-journald-logs).

### Configuring Events

Kubernetes and OpenShift Events are by default automatically captured by the agent. This feature can be controlled by the `LOGDNA_LOG_K8S_EVENTS` option with only two valid values:

* `always` - Always capture Events
* `never` - Never capture Events
* __Note:__ The default option is `always`

> > :warning: Due to a number of issues with Kubernetes, the agent collects events from the entire cluster including multiple nodes. To prevent duplicate logs when running multiple pods, the agents defer responsibilty of capturing Events to the oldest pod in the cluster. If that pod is killed, the next oldest pod will take over responsibility and continue from where the previous pod left off.

Reviewer 2: let's try to find a word other than "issues" here. Perhaps say something like "Doe to the native Kubernetes networking configurations, the agent collects..." or "... the default Kubernetes configuration..."

Author: I've updated this to directly call out the issue in question

|`LOGDNA_INCLUSION_RULES`<br>**Deprecated**: `LOGDNA_INCLUDE`|Comma separated list of glob patterns to includes files for monitoring <sup>1</sup>|`*.log,!(*.*)`|
|`LOGDNA_INCLUSION_REGEX_RULES`<br>**Deprecated**: `LOGDNA_INCLUDE_REGEX`|Comma separated list of regex patterns to exclude files from monitoring||
|`LOGDNA_JOURNALD_PATHS`|Comma separated list of paths (directories or files) of journald paths to monitor||
|`LOGDNA_LOOKBACK`|The lookback strategy on startup|`smallfiles`|
|`LOGDNA_LOG_K8S_EVENTS`|Whether the agent shoudl capture Kubernetes Events|`always`|

1. We support [this flavor of globber syntax](https://github.com/CJP10/globber).

### Configuring the Environment

> To configure the DaemonSet, make modifications to the envs section of the DameonSet [`spec.template.spec.containers.0.env`]. For example, to change the hostname add the following environment variable to the `env` list:

Author: sorry. I'm so used to trying to meet those minimum word counts :D

* `start` - Always start at the beginning of the file
* `smallfiles` - If the file is less than 8KiB, start at the beginning. Otherwise, start at the end
* `none` - Always start at the end of the file
* __Note:__ The default option is `smallfiles`.

### Configuring Journald

If the agent pods have access to journald log files or directories, monitoring can be enabled on them with the `LOGDNA_JOURNALD_PATHS`. Common values include `/var/log/journal` and `/run/systemd/journal`. To specify both, use a comma separated list: `/var/log/journal,/run/systemd/journal`.

Take a look at enabling journald monitoring for [Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#collecting-node-journald-logs) or [OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#collecting-node-journald-logs).

### Configuring Events

A Kubernetes event is exactly what it sounds like: a resource type that is automatically generated when state changes occur in other resources, or when errors or other messages manifest across the system. Monitoring events is useful for debugging your Kubernetes cluster.

By default, the LogDNA agent captures Kubernetes events (and OpenShift events, as well, since OpenShift is built on top of Kubernetes clusters).

> To control whether the LogDNA agent collects Kubernetes events, configure the `LOGDNA_LOG_K8s_EVENTS` option using on of these two values:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To control whether the LogDNA agent collects Kubernetes events, configure the `LOGDNA_LOG_K8s_EVENTS` environment veriable using on of these two values:
```

Check out [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/) for more information about injecting environment variables into applications!

### Configuring Lookback

> The lookback strategy determines how the agent handles existing container logs on startup. This strategy is determined by `LOGDNA_LOOKBACK`. There's a limited set of valid values for this option:

Author: Removed most traces of weakness 💪

> * `start` - Always start at the beginning of the files.

Author: The section above, `Configuring the Environment` tells them where and how to make their changes.

* `smallfiles` - If the file is less than 8KiB, start at the beginning. Otherwise, start at the end.
* `none` - Always start at the end of the files.

> * __Note:__ The default option is `smallfiles`

Author: You kind of have to combine the information here with the statement above: `The lookback strategy determines how the agent handles existing files on startup.`

So on startup the agent will either tail from the beginning of a file, the end of a file, or by the 8KiB heuristic.

### Configuring Journald

If the agent pods have access to journald log files or directories, monitoring can be enabled on them with the `LOGDNA_JOURNALD_PATHS`. Common values include `/var/log/journald` and `/run/systemd/journal`. To specify both, use a comma separated list: `/var/log/journald,/run/systemd/journal`.

Take a look at enabling journald monitoring for [Kubernetes](KUBERNETES.md#collecting-node-journald-logs) or [OpenShift](OPENSHIFT.md#collecting-node-journald-logs).

### Configuring Events

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's add a bit about what the Kube Events resource is:

"A Kubernetes event is exactly what it sound like: a resource type that is automatically generated when state changes occur in other resources, or when errors or other messages manifest across the system. Monitoring events is useful for debugging your Kubernetes cluster.

Author: Makes sense to add and that's a very nice to read paragraph 👍

Kubernetes and OpenShift events are by default automatically captured by the agent. This feature can be controlled by the `LOGDNA_LOG_K8S_EVENTS` option with only two valid values:

> 

Reviewer 2: Consider this instead, which highlights the "by default"part and avoids passive voice:

"By default, the LogDNA agent captures Kubernetes events (and Openshift events, as well, since Openshift is built on Kubernetes clusters). 

To control whether the LogDNA agent collects Kubernetes events, configure the `LOGDNA_LOG_K8S_EVENTS` option using one of these two values:"
+++++

Also, we need to tell readers WHERE to configure the `LOGDNA_LOG_K8S_EVENTS` option.

Author: fixed

Reviewer 3: Yeh, it's in the k8s yaml env section, I think this should be fairly intuitive based on how the rest of the configuration is done

* `always` - Always capture events
* `never` - Never capture events
* __Note:__ The default option is `always`

> > :warning: Due to a ["won't fix" bug in the Kubernetes API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/41743), the agent collects events from the entire cluster including multiple nodes. To prevent duplicate logs when running multiple pods, the agents defer responsibilty of capturing events to the oldest pod in the cluster. If that pod is killed, the next oldest pod will take over responsibility and continue from where the previous pod left off.

Reviewer 2: Consider this rewrite:
"Due to a ["won't fix" bug in the Kubernetes API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/41743), the LogDNA agent collects events from the entire cluster, including multiple nodes. To prevent duplicate logs when running multiple pods, the LogDNA agents on each pod defer responsibility of capturing events to the agent on the oldest pod in the cluster. If that pod is down, the LogDNA agent on the next oldest pod will take over responsibility and continue from where the previous pod left off.

Author: Made this change mostly, made some slight tweaks:

1. `the LogDNA agents on each pod` => `the LogDNA agent pods`
2. `the LogDNA agent on the next oldest pod` => `the next oldest LogDNA agent pod`

I understand the distinction you're trying to make. I think these changes weed out some wordiness and keep the same distinctions :). lmk what you think
